Sister, is it real?
Brother Ye Xuan will marry another woman
This woman is not good
Don't worry, I'm here.
I'll see who dares to bully you
After all, you are a civilian
No prominent family background
There is no strong backing
business
Sure don't laugh
My grandfather was a cultivator
Practitioner yes
Why is the empress not smiling?
Is it natural not to laugh?
So you are a disciple of Xiuxianzuo Sect
Well, that doesn't really count.
My grandfather was a loose cultivator
I see.
It's just my royal marriage
Not just a match
Or a relationship of interest
The empress forgot to tell you
My grandfather was a swordsman
And he is also Ye Xuan's master
Your grandfather was a swordsman
Also accepted by Ye Xuan as a disciple
Why?
Why are you so surprised?
No.
It seems how bad I am
If Ye Xuan can make you officially the best
Unlike our generation
Everyone can't help themselves
You can't be alone with the person you love the most
And caused so much resentment
Concubine Ji Gui may be a good person
This girl doesn't look like a good person
Hey
Why doesn't the third prince eat these tea ceremonies?
It's not to your liking.
still
Being reminded of the possibility of poisoning?
Not really. No, actually.
I'm not thirsty or hungry
It doesn't matter, it's normal to be told like this.
Did the third prince still say
When he was little
I poisoned him.
Hahaha
Hey
He forgot
I come from a descending door is home
And his Leng family is a medical family
Didn't I smile generously when I poisoned him?
As a result, the eunuchs and maids in this palace
Imperial teacher outside the palace
They all feel sorry for him.
Even the emperor
That makes sense.
Sister, what do you say makes sense?
Don't you think
season
The matter of the concubine poisoning Ye Xuan when she was a child
Is it far-fetched?
But at night
And big brother Yemuze has been poisoned before?
Humph
Yes, but
Who benefits from both of these things?
Could it be that Brother Yuxian misunderstood Concubine Ji Gui?
Gee, you are such a silly girl.
But I can't believe it all.
Concubine Ji Gui wants her son to become emperor
It might be true by any means
Where is the royal treasury?
Shall we ask someone?
Ok ok
Oops little fool
If you do this, we will go straight to the prison
What are you looking for?